README.md, before:

# Balanduino Android App
[![Google Play](http://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_generic_rgb_wo_60.png)](http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tkjelectronics.balanduino)
<br>
#### Developed by Kristian Lauszus, TKJ Electronics 2012

The code is released under the GNU General Public License.
_________

This is the code for the Android app to control the Balancing robot.

The source code for the robot can be found here: [https://github.com/TKJElectronics/BalancingRobotArduino](https://github.com/TKJElectronics/BalancingRobotArduino).

Also check out the video: [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N28C_JqVhGU](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N28C_JqVhGU).

For more information see my blog post at [http://blog.tkjelectronics.dk/2012/03/the-balancing-robot/](http://blog.tkjelectronics.dk/2012/03/the-balancing-robot/) or send me an email at <a href="mailto:kristianl@tkjelectronics.dk?subject=BalanduinoAndroidApp">kristianl@tkjelectronics.dk</a>.

# Screenshots
<a href="http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tkjelectronics.balanduino" alt="Screenshots">
  <img src="http://www.tkjelectronics.com/uploads/Balanduino_Screenshots.png">
</a>

Commit message:

Added How to build section

README.md, after:

# Balanduino Android App
[![Google Play](http://developer.android.com/images/brand/en_generic_rgb_wo_60.png)](http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tkjelectronics.balanduino)
<br>
#### Developed by Kristian Lauszus, TKJ Electronics 2012

The code is released under the GNU General Public License.
_________

This is the code for the Android app to control the Balancing robot.

The source code for the robot can be found here: <https://github.com/TKJElectronics/BalancingRobotArduino>.

Also check out the video: <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N28C_JqVhGU>.

For more information see my blog post at <http://blog.tkjelectronics.dk/2012/03/the-balancing-robot/> or send me an email at <a href="mailto:kristianl@tkjelectronics.dk?subject=BalanduinoAndroidApp">kristianl@tkjelectronics.dk</a>.

# Screenshots
<a href="http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tkjelectronics.balanduino" alt="Screenshots">
  <img src="http://www.tkjelectronics.com/uploads/Balanduino_Screenshots.png">
</a>

# How to build
To build this application you need to include [ActionBarSherlock](https://github.com/JakeWharton/ActionBarSherlock) and [Android ViewPagerIndicator](https://github.com/JakeWharton/Android-ViewPagerIndicator) as a [library project](http://developer.android.com/tools/projects/projects-eclipse.html#ReferencingLibraryProject).

You also need to include the [GraphView library](https://github.com/TKJElectronics/BalanduinoAndroidApp/blob/master/libs/GraphView-3.1.jar) to your build path.
